this week's dancing k-pop stars all
about girls generations mister mister
the girls are looking sleek and sexy as
always but unfortunately you don't get
to see any but through their dancing
I'm giving the girls five stars this
week I wanted to say a bunch of cool
things about the dancing choreography
but they barely showed her a bit come on
essen if there was any time to deliver a
standard dance in a box video now was
the time to do it I mean I'm doing some
really cool dancing right now but you
can't see any of it this is right for
really I was hoping he makes his doctor
jokes in your wave jokes and a couple of
others at least I still get to make a
dancing ondrum a reference about Sonny
but you did get to see look pretty cool
Julia mayor's did a great job creating
choreography the song really well and
while it's not as crazy as i got a boy i
mean mister mister didn't really need
any of that and hey they got to dance
with boys I mean they haven't done that
ever before watching live performances
of the song it's totally awesome but
unfortunately for this review I'm going
off of what's in the video sorry guys
anyway let's move on to this tutorial ok
so this week's move like to call the
cops linker start with your feet of
casual distance apart
on count eight cross your right foot
over your left one and bring your hands
up to the right and flick your wrist
twice on count to extend both your right
hand and foot down to the side while
bringing your left hand up on the end
count of two lean to your right and
reverse the same position next on count
three drag your left foot and arm ending
with your hands slightly grabbing your
shirt on counts four and five pulling
your shirt twice now in count six extend
your arms out with your fingers open and
lift your right leg up bend step back on
count seven on the end count of seven
pop and rotate right with the arms bent
and parallel to the floor and lastly on
count a hop again with your hand ending
at your right hip all together nice and
slow we have eight one two and three
four five six seven and eight
good I think it's time to get this shot
at full speed all right let's go five
six seven
okay so i think it works best if you
actually have something around your
wrist play with while you do it I mean
it makes it all not much more fun why
not try it out great job guys remember
you can always go back to any part that
we've learned today all right that'll do
it for this week dancing kpop spell I
know sorry guys have been gone for so
long I'm trying to get back into a
regular group of making videos anyways
if there's a video like a scene you
feature for next week's leave me a
comment or suggestion below and as
always if you liked this video don't
forget to subscribe give me a thumbs up
and follow me on Facebook and Twitter
hopeful next time guys bye
anyways let's move on to the torque 44
times i won